In this lecture, we are going to try updating the records from the products table.
Currently, I am viewing the complete table.
One of the records does not have a name for the product.
Whenever possible, we should avoid empty values.
I think this is an excellent opportunity to update the record.
Let's try updating this row by using a custom query inside the form.
We can type the update keyword.
This keyword will instruct the database to begin updating a specific table.
We can specify the table after writing this keyword.
In this case, we will update the data in the products table.
Afterward, we can add the set keyword.
We can start adding values to specific columns.
Multiple columns can be modified for a record by separating them with a column.
Let's set the name column to shirts.
We can add a semicolon to end the statement.
However, the query we've written is dangerous.
We're not telling the database which records to update.
By default, all records will be updated.
We are overwriting existing data, which may not be what we want.
You should always remember to add a condition to an update query.
Let's add the WHERE query.
Next the condition will be the following id equals to.
Let's execute our query.
After doing so, the query will update a single record without the WHERE keyword.
All records would have been updated.
Just to make sure, let's check out the products table with admin or upon viewing the data.
The second row does not contain a null value.
It's been updated with our new value.
That's perfect.
We've successfully updated the table in the next lecture.
Let's try deleting data from our table.